Hey, good morning family. I have another
video for you all today. I want
to talk to you about being the
friend of God and more so what that
means to me, but what I feel
in my heart that you all need to know.
I pray for people, like I told
you last video, whenever I
talk to people on the phone, the Lord
will reveal things to me about them.
It was interesting because I was
asking the Lord about an individual
and He said, "Brandon, I don't know them.
I used to know them, but I don't know
them anymore."That took me back and I
said, "Well, Lord, what do you mean by
that?"He
said, "Brandon, how do you know
somebody? How do you get to know
somebody?"I
said, "Well, Lord, you spend
time with them. You're intimate with
them."He
said, "Do the people that watch your
videos—you've
made over 100
videos—do
you feel like they know you?"I said,
"No, Lord, they don't know me at all.
They may know a lot
about me, my
history,
and things that You've done
for me, but do they truly know
you?"I
said, "No, not at all."They don't know the
intimacy that my wife and I have.
How is that developed? It is developed
day by day in intimacy and a friendship,
just like a marriage is developed day by
day. If you hear any noises, it's my
daughter again, Megan; she's sitting
in here watching
VeggieTales.
Intimacy is developed day by day; it
is never an overnight thing. Like
I said, you met your
husband or your wife and you had a
courtship. You were so excited to go on
these dates and the relationship was
fresh; you had those puppy dog eyes and you
were
excited to go out to the
movies or
go out to
dinner.
You have that relationship, that
courtship, and you're excited about
that
relationship, but when you get
married, there's an intimacy that
develops beyond a boyfriend and
girlfriend, beyond anything you can
comprehend. Of course, if
you've been married for a while, you
know—I've
been married 23
years—so
you start to really know that
individual:
their likes,
their facial expressions,
the smells, everything. You know
that individual, but it is developed over
time; it is not developed in a day.
So a lot of
people think they go to church on a
Sunday, and that's what the Lord
shows me. They go to church on a Sunday,
they may volunteer maybe once a month,
and they have an hour service. They go
to that hour service, they may pray for
ten
minutes a
day, and they may read their
Bible for five minutes a day. But just
think about this: imagine if you did
that exact same thing with your spouse
or your loved one
and you only talked to them five minutes a
day. Your main conversation was about an
hour on
Sundays when you go to church; after that,
you
have some fellowship
at dinner, and then you don't
talk to them anymore but maybe five
or ten minutes a day from
then on—never on the phone,
nothing—and
you're
doing all the talking. You're rehearsing
everything that you want from them:
"I need this and this and this. God,
I thank you that you healed Johnny and
you're healing Susie, and you're
going after this one who is lost.
Lord, I have all these needs,
and
I'm not feeling well
in my body today. Lord, I
have all this stuff going on at work;
my boss is a
real jerk and I've got
this deadline. Could you help me with
some money?"Then you turn
around and say, "Amen,"and then you're gone.
He doesn't hear from you
anymore that day other than when you
need something again. Every single
time you go to the Lord, you need
something
again. You don't really ever hear His
heart. Prayer is a two-way conversation; He's
going to talk to you and you're going to
talk to Him.
But most people think prayer is
just baby steps.
This is like little children stuff:
"Father, I need, I need, I need;
I have wants and desires.
Bye!"But
if you want to grow up in the
relationship and you want to come up to
a higher place with Him... people say,
"How do you see in the spirit? How do you
have visitations from
angels? How have you had eight
visitations from Jesus? How have you seen
into the throne room like
that? I want you to help me
to get there
because
I don't know how to get
there. I don't hear God."I
read
so many comments in the comment
section from
people
asking me how
to
hear
God. It is developed. It says,
"Those that seek me will find me; those
that knock, I'll open the door unto
him."Relationship
is developed day to day,
all day long. The Bible says to
pray without
ceasing. Seeking Him and finding Him
automatically tells me that God is
hiding in some way. It's like hide and
seek. "God, where are you? I want to be
intimate with you. I want to go to
another level. What's on your heart?"People ask
if I
pray a certain way to
get Him to show me things.
I want to say it like this:
not one time do I ever pray
with the intentions of seeking and
seeing. If I pray, I'm praying because I'm
intimate. I
want to touch His garment. I want
what's on His heart. "Lord, what's on your
heart today? Let me help
you. What is grieving you
today? What's your
agenda, not my agenda?"I don't pray for
Him to touch my agenda; I pray for His
agenda for
me, mirroring it back and saying, "God, not
my will but Yours be done."How can I come
up higher in my thinking?
The Bible says that you have the mind of
Christ. You can think like Christ thinks
by meditating on His word,
getting scripture inside of you.
I try very
seldom to—and I'm just being real
with y'all—I
get in the flesh too
and I go to him and say, "Lord, I have
needs. I need my puppies to sell. I need
all this
stuff."But
He said He
knows you have need of things before
you even
ask. Jesus
said, "Our Father, who
art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy
kingdom come, thy will be
done."He
knows everything
you need before you even ask it. So
I go to Him not insulting Him,
but thanking
Him for it.
"Thank you, Father, for healing
for my family. No colds, no viruses, no
nothing come nigh. I thank you, Father, that
your word says that by your stripes we
are healed.
I thank you,
Father, that you said in your word that
those that seek you will find you. Now,
Father, whatever is on your heart today, I
thank you that I pray the
mysteries and the secret things. And if
you have anything to show me today, Lord,
not in the flesh, I thank you that I see
what I'm supposed to see and I hear what I'm
supposed to hear from You, that You said
I will hear Your voice and a stranger's
voice I'll not follow. Now, Satan, I bind
you in the name of Jesus and I command
you to bow your knee. You get out of here,
you leave me alone. I plead the blood
over my prayer time and I plead the blood
over me that I hear the Lord's voice and
I'm not going to be tormented by the
tormentor."I
go to Him with
worship.
What really blesses me is Kim
Clement. He has worship things on
YouTube and I listen to him
worshiping on "The Mountain of the
Lord."I
record it on my phone and I
put it on
repeat,
just hearing him talk about the
mountain of the Lord.
I feel the presence of the Lord so
strong whenever that man sings, and
he
went home to be with the Lord years ago. I
listen to that and I listen to
piano music, like "I
Surrender
All."You
just get in the presence of the
Lord.
Find what ministers to you and gets
you
in that river.
Think
about Lot in Sodom and Gomorrah.
Lot was Abraham's
nephew.
He's in the midst of all the trash
going on and doesn't even know that
Sodom and Gomorrah is about to be judged
and wiped off the face of the Earth.
But God comes to Abraham because
he's His friend.
God will come to you and start speaking
to you and showing you the hidden
things. There's a lot of things
I probably shouldn't say on here,
but out of compassion, I try to
tell you all what's coming
and
what to pray about.
Some of this stuff people
are not ready for. There are some of
you that are mature and
understand, but there
are
a lot of babies on here that
don't know, so I'm trying to take you to
the next
level, teaching you about being a friend
of God. When the
Bible says that Jesus says, "Depart from
me, I never knew you,"people say, "Lord, I
healed the sick in your name and cast out
devils in your
name."But
He says to you
at the end, "Depart from me,
I never knew
you."He
never knew you. That means you can
have a relationship with somebody
and talk to them, but they don't know
you. You can have a conversation at
church, but you still don't know Him. You
probably do not know your pastor;
he
preaches at you for
an hour every
Sunday, but
you don't know his intimacy
behind closed
doors.
You can get to know
the Father in a relationship that deep,
where
He will come and start
sharing the
hidden things and the secret
things
that
He won't talk about to anybody else.
He'll start
sharing intimate
things because it was developed out of
relationship.
You have a different
relationship with every child you have.
You love them
all, but you might not be
a friend to all of them.
A friendship is
developed.
It's about who
wants to spend more
time with me. Does that child sit
around and say, "Dad, let's go have
a coffee or
play
outside"? They're
always
asking to be at your feet. That
is a
lot different
than
the one saying, "I'm
going to hang out with my friends,
I'll see
you
in
a
week."I
hope
this makes sense.
Going deeper in the
relationship with Him is like a marriage.
If you don't spend time with your
spouse,
you are not going
to be intimate. The more
time you spend with them, the more you
talk to them and
understand
them.
You have hours of
conversations because you love them
and
you have
this burning desire to
know them.
It's time for
you to come up higher. People
want to know about the
intimacy of seeing into
the
spirit and
seeing
angels,
but
it doesn't come with a
shallow
relationship; it comes with
a
refiner's
fire. A good
marriage is always tested.
It's when you
go through the fire with that person
that you put a pull
on the
chain, and the stronger the chain, the
more
it will last.
When you go
through
the trials of life
and
spiritual
pressure from the demonic and
you're still strong
and say, "Father, though this tries to
slay me, yet will I praise You.
No matter
how hard this trial is, I worship You.
I keep my eyes on You. I
will not be moved by what I see
or
feel; I'm moved by what
the word of God
says."Keeping
your eyes on Him when
you're
hurting and broken, and you just keep
pushing and
being
real with Him—when you
get real with God, God will get real with
you.
He knows the secrets and the intents of
your heart. When
you
go
to
Him
in prayer
without
an agenda,
it's like talking
to
your
spouse.
If you were talking to your wife and looking at
your watch or phone
every five minutes,
it's boring. But if you lose track of time while worshiping and an hour feels like
five minutes,
that's
love. That's the way it is
when you're
passionately in love
and
pursuing them.
When
He
says, "I don't know
them,"and
yet they say they're a
Christian,
that's a very
scary place to
be. Does
the Father know you, or does He just know a
lot about you? Do you casually
converse with
Him
for
ten
minutes with an agenda of
what you
need?
He loves you and
desires intimacy,
just like He did with Abraham.
David was a man after God's own
heart; he was passionately in love with
the Lord.
He was a
warrior—a
man's man
who
killed
lions
and
bears—yet
he had
such compassion and intimacy with the
Father. You read Psalms and
see
this guy had it;
he was
quick to repent and always
loving on the Father. That was
under
the Old Covenant; we have a
New Covenant with Jesus. Think of
how much deeper we can have a relationship
and the glory of the Lord can rest
on your
household.
I want to go deeper with the
Father in
2024.
Where will it be in
2025? Will He start showing you the
secret things and reveal
to you
witty
ideas
and
revelations?
Let
me pray for you all today. Father, I
thank you
for
every person
watching this. I pray a hedge of
protection on them, that they
would be intimate with You
and You would call them a friend.
We want to be on fire for Jesus,
and
our relationship
should
reflect
You.
I thank you
for
taking these people to another level of
knowing
You,
that
Your word
would become Rhema to their minds,
bodies, and spirits.
I thank you for every
single one of them.
For the people who've
blessed me, I pray
over their finances. I thank you
for
better jobs, creative ideas
to get wealth, bonuses, sales, and
growth in business.
I call healing and
wholeness over their bodies.
I
speak
to
thyroids
to be healed
and whole
in
Jesus'name.
They're delivered from satanic bondage. I
call for cataracts of the eyes to be
healed and creative
miracles in
their eyes.
I
call
for
physical
and
spiritual ears to open
right now
with new
hairs and new
follicles.
I speak to arthritis to go;
Christ
has redeemed us from the curse of the
law.
We speak to
gallbladders
and
stomach issues.
We
curse colon cancer in the name of Jesus and command it to go now. We call
for restoration in marriages and relationships with children.
We thank you
for new houses,
new homes, and new cars.
I thank you for better-paying
jobs for
them right
now in
Jesus'name.
We take authority over demonic
spirits in the workplace and command them to cease and
be still.
We plead the blood of Jesus
over their work environment.
We thank you that Your angels
are going before us and
protecting
us
by
the
blood.
We pray for
truck
drivers,
EMTs,
hospital workers, and for the
police.
Show them hidden things from
criminals and
protect
our officers, our
sheriffs, and the Department of Homeland
Security.
We
pray
for our borders,
that
You would
keep the riff-raff out and the people
trying to cause harm or
trafficking
children.
I pray a protection over this
nation
and
that You rise up and
call this nation blessed.
We
thank you that Jesus is coming
soon
for us.
We want
intimacy with You and we thank you
that we get to spend
eternity
crying, "Holy, holy, holy is
the
Lord."Thank
you, Lord, for
always meeting our needs
and
taking care of
my
family.
In
Jesus'name,
amen. Well, I just wanted to thank you
all for watching.
If this video blessed you,
please click that like
and
subscribe button.
You are
helping get the gospel throughout the
world.
Thank you for
your support and your love.
Put a smile on your face and a song in
your heart. Jesus loves you so much and
we will see you
next time.
Bye-bye.